Ester Ledecká was a big hope for medals at
the European Youth Olympic Winter Festival 2011.
She has definitely lived up to the fans’ expectations.
That is because she is the first Czech competitor
to win the gold medal in snowboarding.
Ester, what does the medal you won today mean to you?
It means a brilliant success for me and it inspires me to
work even harder in training as well as in upcoming competitions.
You also do the Alpine disciplines as well as Snowboarding.
How does today’s victory influence your future decisions
about what discipline you will finally choose?
I think it will not influence anything. I will
just choose according to what I like
and that is not according to success, but
what I feel I am better at.
So what do you feel you are better at right now?
I feel equally comfortable in both disciplines.
How did the race feel today?
It was a beautiful slope; I really enjoyed
it so it was great overall.
Now that you have sewn up the Gold, could you share
with us whether you have any lucky charms or
if you have any rituals before the race?
Well I have breakfast in the morning and then for
example, I go for a short run,
but I don’t really do anything special.
So we thought.
We know you come from a family of
artists so we would like to know
what inspired you to become involved in peak sports.
Well, my family moved to the mountains and there was
not much to do, so I started to ski
when I was a kid and then I also joined snowboarding because my
brother did it and I wanted to be as good as him.
Thank you. Now, where would you like your
career to head in the future?
I have no idea right now. I live for
the moment and today has been great
so I will see how it goes in the future.
How will you celebrate your victory and will you
give yourself some kind of holiday?
Well, I am not sure if I can find time to have holidays but today I
will have a drink with the other snowboarders.